The reviews requested three mandatory changes to our submission. Here is
how we addressed these requests:  

1. The reviews requested that we use the correct document style, including
the author-year citation. 

   Mark Jones confirmed that the problem was the use of 'Bibliography'
   instead of 'References' for the literature section. We have changed our
   style file accordingly. 

2. The reviews requested that we clarify how Video accommodates an
interactive and programmatic workflows. Alternatively, it requested that we
"tone down the claim that it does allow such integrated workflows."

    We have revised the interactive claims in the following ways (see Sec. 7):

    1. We have added more details on how developers can interact with Video
    programs using a real-time previewer and the IDE's REPL. 

    2. The revised section includes a thorough discussion of how developers
    use NLVE widgets.  

    3. It also compares the workflows of Video plus the DrRacket IDE with
    those of interactive editing processes in existing NLVE. 

3 The reviews requested that we use matching abstract typing rules and
typing rule implementations so that readers could easily understand how
type system designers can articulate their work within Turnstile. Also, the
reviews requested details about bugs caught by the type system.

    The changes are all local to section 6. 

    Section 6.2 now comes with several examples of type errors in 
    untyped Video and explanations of what Typed Video catches. 

    The second change is expressed via additional figures and prose in
    section 6.3. 

    Due to the addition of figures, figure 8 from the submission is now
    figure 10, and figure 9 has become figure 12.

    The new figure 11 displays the abstract typing rules for lambda and
    application, which correspond to the lambda and application
    implementations in figure 12. The accompanying prose in section 6.3
    explains in detail how our system collects and solves constraints. 

The reviewers also found several minor problems with the paper such as
typos, formatting errors, and poor phrasing. We have also addressed all
these issues locally. We also found additional flaws and addressed those
locally (e.g., inconsistencies in the bibliography, missing screen shots). 
